[Music]
you
howdy miss kitty who marshal tiger
[Music]
welcome back to Green River what a
delight I must express my unalloyed
pleasure at seeing your lovely face once
again miss-ghetti
me too honey cakes the feeling is not
mutual I'm sure our you know miss kitty
yeah this might be an opportune moment
to assemble some of our old friends for
a pleasant reunion with me singing a few
songs for free well I am aware of course
that you are a professional artist and
if you really get something going
caterwaul will talk the only reason I'm
in this to mule olive pit of a town is
the visit my old pal marshal tiger let's
go marshal marshal ha ha ha that's me
Marshall Tiger ah I don't believe I
smell a rat a rat named - mousekewitz
what do you mean boss I mean that this
situation may well offer a splendid
opportunity for revenge on that absurd
Teddy and his young friend and it is
well no Chula that revenge is a dish
best served Oh with a mouse I thought
all my chores and finished my homework
papa
that's good Fievel you can go out and
play with Tiger Papa you were young once
yes or don't you remember
very well so long as you're back in time
for dinner
I promise thanks papa
[Music]
Green River certainly is a peaceful
place these days I guess that means
marshal Tiger is in charge
oh it's quiet alright almost too quiet
oh no to hear that someone's in trouble
quick Miss Kitty call the marshal call
the market that's me I knew that
stand aside Miss Kitty I've got to take
care of this don't move
wrong blast yeah stop stop you miserable
yeah oh yeah job put your hands up
no wait Jordy did that forget what I
just said alright I'm taking you to jail
that's it I'll take it where is it where
is the jail anyway oh yeah I remember
now vamoose get goin on your way watch I
was playing with Tiger again father oh
not again yep I better go keep an eye on
them
excellent idea Sidney it is your civic
duty this will teach you to rob innocent
citizens in marshal Tigers town you you
you varmint I'll leave the door unlocked
thanks for your help well huh
we'll just leave this out lord of stew
in his own juices Miss Kitty whatever
you say
[Music]
hey Sydney
what are you doing keeping you locked
away until I can tell both our fathers
what you've been up to but I've got to
get home in time for dinner
I promise sorry dummy wits but I guess
you're just gonna miss dinner
wrong little fur balls
you're gonna be dinner my dinner
[Music]
Moskowitz I wish to speak to your son
- fifl hasn't come home well neither has
my Sydney and the last I saw him he was
going off to spy I mean play with rifle
and tiger again they are most likely
still with Tiger our cat is a cat and
the cat is never a good influence on a
young child I cannot argue with that mr.
Schimmel let us go find our boys
yeah I never knew shopping could be so
much fun
he-hey yes one fun finish Oh Nick give
you a hand more ah miss kitty well I've
done it I've rounded up a few of the
fellows for a little get-together
tonight and it would be a special
evening indeed if you would but consent
to perform for us I thought I told you
to forget it
caterwaul of course Marshall Tiger would
be especially welcome what a welcome me
or come on Miss Kitty
sounds like fun you know a party in all
purple well if the marshal wants to hear
me sing oh I do I do
then it will be my pleasure